README.md, before:

# CCZ-student-python-training
Code for use in basic python training and data analysis for [NSF Carbonate Critical Zone RCN](https://carbonatecriticalzone.research.ufl.edu/) student training workshop. 
This training was conducted in May of 2023 at the University of Arkansas with fieldwork at the Savoy Experimental Watershed on the first day (see field guide pdf), and training in data analysis and Python coding on the second day.
[![DOI](https://zenodo.org/badge/632147520.svg)](https://zenodo.org/badge/latestdoi/632147520)


## Contents

### Python Jupyter Notebooks
- Intro_to_Python.ipynb - Introductory python materials
- CO2-O2.ipynb - Methods for analyzing CO2 and O2 at the field site
- Discharge.ipynb - Methods for calculating discharge
- Specific-Conductance.ipynb - Analysis of SpC data
- Fluxes.ipynb - Calculation of gas and dissolved fluxes in the catchment. 
### Other materials
- data - Example datasets used in the python exercises
- example-datasheets - Datasheets formatted as required for group input of field data
- figs - Folder for figures
- group-datasheets - Folder to use for saving group data sheets after data entry
- RCN_Uark_23_Training_Field_Guide - guide for use during field work of first day of training


## Acknowledgments
This work was supported by the National Science Foundation Grant CZ RCN: Research Coordination Network in Carbonate Critical Zones (1905259). Materials for the field guide were contributed by Teresa Baraza, Riannon Colton, Matt Covington, Lindsey Aman Cromwell, Michael Jones, and Ethan Oleson. Ethan Oleson conducted the final typesetting of the field guide in Latex. Python tutorials and analysis code were written by Lindsey Aman Cromwell and Matt Covington.

Commit message:

added fjoint field trip guide

README.md, after:

# CCZ-student-python-training
Code for use in basic python training and data analysis for [NSF Carbonate Critical Zone RCN](https://carbonatecriticalzone.research.ufl.edu/) student training workshop. 
This training was conducted in May of 2023 at the University of Arkansas with fieldwork at the Savoy Experimental Watershed on the first day (see field guide pdf), and training in data analysis and Python coding on the second day.
[![DOI](https://zenodo.org/badge/632147520.svg)](https://zenodo.org/badge/latestdoi/632147520)


## Contents

### Python Jupyter Notebooks
- Intro_to_Python.ipynb - Introductory python materials
- CO2-O2.ipynb - Methods for analyzing CO2 and O2 at the field site
- Discharge.ipynb - Methods for calculating discharge
- Specific-Conductance.ipynb - Analysis of SpC data
- Fluxes.ipynb - Calculation of gas and dissolved fluxes in the catchment. 
### Other materials
- data - Example datasets used in the python exercises
- example-datasheets - Datasheets formatted as required for group input of field data
- figs - Folder for figures
- group-datasheets - Folder to use for saving group data sheets after data entry
- RCN_Uark_23_Training_Field_Guide - guide for use during field work of first day of training
- 2023_CCZ_RCN_Arkansas_Workshop_Field_Guide.pdf - Field guide for joint field trip with CCZ RCN workshop and student trainees.

## Acknowledgments
This work was supported by the National Science Foundation Grant CZ RCN: Research Coordination Network in Carbonate Critical Zones (1905259). Materials for the field guide were contributed by Teresa Baraza, Riannon Colton, Matt Covington, Lindsey Aman Cromwell, Michael Jones, and Ethan Oleson. Ethan Oleson conducted the final typesetting of the field guide in Latex. Python tutorials and analysis code were written by Lindsey Aman Cromwell and Matt Covington.
